feat(vim.ui.open): configurable opener (#29490)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

UI

> • TODO

Reviewer: `|vim.ui.open|` should be `|vim.ui.open()|`, `'gx'` should be `|gx|` and `cmdpath` doesn't even seem to exist.

UI

> • Behaviour of the function |vim.ui.open()| (by default bound to |gx| key
>   shortcut) can now be configured by setting the its second optional parameter
>   `cmdpath` to the name of the command which should be run with the selected
>   string as the only parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
• |vim.ui.open()| (by default bound to |gx|) accepts an optional `opts.cmd`
  parameter which will be tried before falling back to other default tools.
```
